docs: Prepare Changelog for 7.17.15 (#37105)
elastic/beats: CHANGELOG.asciidoc

:issue: https://github.com/elastic/beats/issues/
:pull: https://github.com/elastic/beats/pull/

[[release-notes-7.17.15]]
=== Beats version 7.17.15
https://github.com/elastic/beats/compare/v7.17.14\...v7.17.15[View commits]

==== Bugfixes

*Metricbeat*

- Fix CassandraConnectionClosures metric configuration {pull}34742[34742]

==== Added

*Affecting all Beats*

> 

Reviewer: @pierrehilbert shouldn't it at least mention the [upgrade of elastic-agent-libs](https://github.com/elastic/beats/commit/2a02e74caf4ada5e0c2319acde776e0f6e3139a0)?
From a quick look into the diff between the old and new version of elastic-agent-libs I believe the following are worth mentioning:

- https://github.com/elastic/elastic-agent-libs/commit/ef76bc6e4d942018de95fb6de731ee0d6258a160 fixes 
https://github.com/elastic/elastic-agent-libs/pull/113
- https://github.com/elastic/elastic-agent-libs/commit/a9b7e9bb97b4607048bfbd5c5ccc076b4916e8d1 changes a config key
- https://github.com/elastic/elastic-agent-libs/commit/4dea101389eae1e588e9d87aab5abcbb51171cee Fix IP Validation for TLS clients
- https://github.com/elastic/elastic-agent-libs/commit/734f0e1a6df00f6cc58d2ea9e06617f78f7660b3 fixes https://github.com/elastic/elastic-agent-libs/pull/156

:issue: https://github.com/elastic/beats/issues/
:pull: https://github.com/elastic/beats/pull/

[[release-notes-7.17.15]]
=== Beats version 7.17.15
https://github.com/elastic/beats/compare/v7.17.14\...v7.17.15[View commits]

==== Bugfixes

*Metricbeat*

- Fix CassandraConnectionClosures metric configuration {pull}34742[34742]

==== Added

*Affecting all Beats*

> - Upgrade elastic-agent-libs to v0.6.2 which include the following fixes: {pull}36979[36979]:
>   * Fix log file rotator purge
>   * Fix IP Validation for TLS clients
>   * Rename the `key_passphrase_file` attribute to `key_passphrase_path` to be consistent with suggestions and naming conventions in Elastic Agent.
>   * Sends `PendingStop` and `Stopped` status to Windows service manager on external shutdown notification.
> - Upgrade to Go 1.20.10. {pull}36846[36846]
> - Upgrade golang/x/net to v0.17.0. Updates the publicsuffix table used by the registered_domain processor. {pull}36969[36969]

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Upgrade elastic-agent-libs to v0.6.2 which includes the following fixes: {pull}36979[36979]:
  * Fix log file rotator purge.
  * Fix IP validation for TLS clients.
  * Rename the `key_passphrase_file` attribute to `key_passphrase_path` to be consistent with suggestions and naming conventions in Elastic Agent.
  * Send `PendingStop` and `Stopped` status to Windows service manager on external shutdown notification.
- Upgrade Go version to 1.20.10. {pull}36846[36846]
- Upgrade golang/x/net version to v0.17.0. Updates the publicsuffix table used by the registered_domain processor. {pull}36969[36969]
```
